---
layout: post 
permalink: /igor/
title: 10 Things I learned from igor
image: /assets/jari-hytonen-YCPkW_r_6uA-unsplash.jpg
---

<del><h2 class="point">#0 <i>Worship the Devil<i></i></i></h2></del>
<p>
 My ideas of musicians are pretty corrupted. I think musicians play dirty tricks. They prey on people's imaginations. The typically are messes themselves. Some are good. I actually like music a lot. My brother's a musician.    
</p>

<p>Tyler the Creator was popular when I was still buying songs on the itunes store. I was pretty pissed when they raised song prices from .99 cents to 1.29. Anyway</p>

<p>I like his music. My parents don't.</p>
<p>My parents made me sit in front of them and read them the lyrics to the song 'Tamale.'</p>

<p>I thought Wolf was pretty good. Igor is good too.</p><p>I listened to Bastard. I was mostly <del>confused.</del> surprised. </p><p>I thought that was kinda weird. I'm weird. We got that in common.</p>

<p>I thought that was pretty cool, and here we are now.</p>
<p>Everything I know of ty of from youtube, his albums, and his instagram profile. I don't think everything he does are his own ideas but I thought it was kinda cool that he was able to do these things with his own work. Don't hate me if I get something wrong.</p>

<h2 class="point">#1<i>Throw A Carnival</i></h2>

<p>I always think about this. 

  </p><p>  The story is:</p>
  <p>No one wants to put ty at a festival. </p>
  <p>  Too crazy, too controversial, whatever. <del>Fuck</del></p>
 <p>   Wait. </p>
    
 <p>   What about:  Make a festival.</p>
   
  <p>  Anyone who needs Y to do X, do you really?</p>
    
<p>Tyler created the O.F. Carnival. It's now camp flog gnaw. That's fucking crazy.
And people showed up. Cause it was cool. Different. There was a ferris wheel.</p>

 <p>And now the machine runs itself. O.F. the group doesn’t play there anymore- (Tyler has played every year since the beginning.) He's a headliner this year. </p>

<p> I think of this tactic of creating your own space to perform. The same as what Rodney Dangerfield did when he opened Dangerfield's</p> 
<p>Creating your own space or defining the game on your own terms is a tactic that is used is used all over in several industries. </p>
<p>This is a bigger and bolder move that gives you clout that creates clout from thin air when you’re just starting out. </p>
<del></del><ins>Instead of lorem ipsum write something original!!!</ins>There are more examples. <p></p>

<p>starting a business in your garage</p>

<p>recording your own music</p>

<p>self publishing a book</p>

<p>Basically, when no one gives a shit about you, you give a shit about you</p><p>and then you take your problem, and the solution you invent makes you the best in your field</p>

<p>#nochurchinthewild</p>

<h2 class="point"><i>#2 You Are Your Album</i></h2>
 <p>It's easy to notice that all of his albums are named after certain tylers.</p>
 <p>Bastard, Goblin, Wolf, Cherry Bomb, Flower Boy, Igor</p> 
 <p>His music is his therapy session. His music is a dirty mirror</p><p>And we like looking in the mirror</p>
<p>it's real.
</p>
<p>We care about this one. We are this one. Like looking in a mirror.</p>
 <p>	</p>

<h2 class="point"><i>#3 Sell Socks</i></h2> 
<p>OddFuture’s Classic Donut Logo. Google it. You've probably seem some detestable looking kids wearing socks/hoodies/tshirts/back packs covered with the O shaped cartoon. This is genius. </p>
<p>A lot of this you can see in the film that he put out after he released his album Wolf. </p>
<p>The thing about this that I learned is that add future and Tyler were one of the first people that I realized who took took advantage of merchandising on top of their work. And that rewarded them and mainly Tyler with a whole operation in and of itself that is as popular as his music.
</p>

<p>He has a GOLF fashion line now. Pretty neat, huh?</p>


<h2 class="point"><i>#4 2 Songs for The Price of One</i></h2>
<p>OF/Tyler's youtube account was like the first nonVevo'd artist I listened to. </p>
<p>But they don't cry about not making high production music videos </p>

<p> They do something totally different, and waaay better. Tyler was the first person who showed me that a music video can do more than just one song.  
Take the music video of “Jamba,” for example, from the last thirty seconds of the video cuts to another track “Answer” 
    
</p>

<p>They even grabbed Pharrell for the video. That's tight.</p>
<p>Taking ownership of all of the aspects of your creative work and using a music video as a medium in another itself rather than just a presentation.

</p><h2 class="point"><i>#5 start as young as you want</i></h2>

<p>
Did I mention that Tyler was doing all of this before he was 20?.</p>
    
<p>Another cool thing that came out of Odd Future and Tyler, The Creator said they started when they were 19 
Earl Sweatshirt actually got his debut release when he was 16 debut release when he was 16 with his mixtape and the acclaimed album Doris which released the following year. </p>
<p>And how many others now do their stuff super young, Lorde, Rex Orange County, yellow days ,Billie Eilish, Bo Burnham and others but that’s all I can think of right now

</p>
<h2 class="point"><i>#6 stick to your influences</i></h2>
<p> Tyler's pretty open with the music he gets into. e.g. N.E.R.D, tame impala, mac demarco, (a lil) LCD Soundsystem, Ye,. All dope shit.</p> 
    
<h2 class="point">#7 stay with the fans </h2>

<p>stay hungry, stay foolish </p>

<p>You can see tyler in the crowd with fans. In the mosh pits.</p>

<p>He's still learning and getting better.</p>
<p>
I think that’s really cool it’s telling that you gotta immerse yourself in the crowd as much as they’re on the stage and he him doing thatIt’s just pretty inspiring</p>
<p></p>
<h2 class="point">#8 indie movie with a budget</h2>
<p>
This has been his instagram bio for some time now. 

</p>

<p>I think of it as more of a mantra</p>

<p>Like: how do we get the most out of what we've got?</p><h2 class="point">#9 straight edge</h2>
<p>Spoke to me personally</p>

<p>Health is Wealth.</p>
<p>Anything you need to blockade yourself from reality is not really having your nose to the grindstone...you're blurring life</p>


<h2 class="point">#10 Cats on everything</h2> - Don’t know why I included this. But it’s true. 
 <section>
    <h1>More on This...</h1>
<ul>
    <li><a href="https://youtu.be/-gkQUlI_UjM">tyler at concert 1</a></li>
<li><a href="https://youtu.be/Ms5LPw7hXnw">tyler at concert 2</a></li>
<li><a href="https://youtu.be/g_maeU9qttU">tyler at concert 3</a></li>

 </ul>
   </section>
    
