---
title: The Art of Being Human
layout: page
---

```{=org}
#+BEGINQUOTE
```
This, I submit, is the freedom of a real education, of learning how to
be well-adjusted. You get to consciously decide what has meaning and
what doesn't. You get to decide what to worship. Because here's
something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of
adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such
thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is
what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort
of god or spiritual-type thing to worship--be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH
or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some
inviolable set of ethical principles--is that pretty much anything else
you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they
are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough,
never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty
and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age
start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve
you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It's been codified as
myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every
great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily
consciousness."

```{=org}
#+ENDQUOTE
```
-- David Foster Wallace, Kenyon College Commencement Speech

Virtue is an anntribute that brings admiration but cannot elicit envious
resentment or jealousy.

systems cannot really optimize.

success isnt being teh top of the hierarchy, it is standing outside of
all hierarchies.

the notion of acchievement devalues life into a tournament.

seccess performance and so called excellence and other goals in modern
culture harms others and belittles them. Virtues do not.

The more someone identifies with a profession or an \"accomplishment\"
such as an award, the less human he will be (in the classical sense). In
virtue ethics, the only \"excellence\" worth attaining is that of
\"being human\", with all what it entails (honor, courage, service,
satisfaction of public & private duties, willingness to face death,
etc.); \"achievements\" are reductions and alienations for lower forms
of life.

IN ANCIENT ROME this was a privilege reserved for the patrician class.
They were able to engage in professional activities without directly
identifying with them: to write books, lead armies, farm land, or
transact without being a writer, general, farmer, or merchant, but \"a
man (**vir** rather than **homo**) who\" writes, commands, farms or
transacts, as a side activity.

THE OLYMPICS There used to be a distinction between an athlete
representing virtus (human-ness\*) and ἀρετή (the quality of being what
you are made to be) on one hand, and, on the other the circus acrobat
selling uniqueness and deformity. Mediterranean ideals, as opposed to
the Egypto-Babylonian ones, were about scale and balance: even the Gods
were brought down to human scale. (Yet homines sumus, non dei: we are
men, not gods) Today\'s Olympics, by dint of specialization and
overoptimization, thanks to the media and the huge financing involved,
have transformed the athlete into a circus acrobat, a mutant selling
deformities. Let me insist: anything overoptimized, or even barely
optimized, is no longer human. Hominem te esse memento! manliness in PC
terms.

For Homer, human life is a succession of contigencies. all good things
are vulnerable to fortune.

Aesthetics, erudation, , risk taking

Explore protocols for dealing with a random world.

The stoics advocated focusing on behavior, rather than result.

The Pyrrhonian skeptics advocated the need to remain skeptical about the
consequence of any action, as we are not able to gauge whether it should
have beneficial or adverse effects.

ACts of courage - standing up against fraudsters. starting businesses.

In virtue ethics, the only excellence worth attaining is being human.

The goal of life was not \"succesS\" utility, utility of wealth, but
being human.

Old Versions of morialty, from religion, to philosophy, have a chanec
because they\'ve been around for a very, very long time.

To live well, we need Virtues. Virtues cannot elicit envy or jealous
resentment from others. Symmetry between you as an individual and the
collective.

Virtue can\'t be taken away from you
