---
title: Reinstating Dimensionality
---

# The essence of Life is light volatility.

With too much noise, performance of systems suffer. But surprisingly,
*too little* noise could be just as bad. Some noise is good and
necessary for health. Any complex system, the mind, the body,
information systems, etc.

1.  Human bones are strengthened through episodic stress. Falling asleep
    is easier with background noise.
2.  Interpersonal relationships are well maintained when problems (and
    conversations) are had early.
3.  Innovation and Discovery. Innovation happen through aggressive trial
    and by accident, discovering a product or use of a product never
    seen before. Increase your exposures and fail early and cleanly.
    Creativity is your number of trials.
4.  The uberwealth of cities on the East Coast as a motivator
    compensates for the bad weather, lack of scenic Nature, and
    miserable train rides.

No food can compare to the food we get after an episode of hunger; and
no liquid will ever improve on the taste of water after a prolonged
period of thirst. The best days can be recovering a lost wallet or
phone. The greatest acts of kindness you expericnec may be from total
strangers.

# Risk

When we have something to lose, or risk failure, we become desparately
to find out as much as we can about a subject. Much like the pilot of a
plane is maximally paranoid or an addict\'s cunning comes from to
procure drugs. Learn out of necessity.

# Avoiding Boredom

Modernity by definition removes the variability out of life.

Curriculums suffers from one-size-fits-all effect. The mind\'s attention

Notice when you a book starts to bore you. As soon as that\'s the case,
switch to another book.

If schools wanted to resemble real life, they would only care about the
subject in which the stduent has the highest grade and ignore the
others, In a convex world, the average is of zero significance.

-   *Avoiding Boredom* If you get bored easily that means your
    *b\*\*\*t* detector is functioning properly. Evaluate curiosity
    daily, Read accordingly. Notice when you a book starts to bore you.
    As soon as that\'s the case, switch to another book. (This is where
    it is extremely helpful but not necessary to own a lot of books )
    Don\'t read something that you need to speedread, don\'t watch a
    video that you have to watch at 2x, If you\'re not fully engaged or
    easily distracted, find a better way or don\'t do it.

Fyodor Dostoevsky makes the case that the instinct for chance, for
randomness, such that man would take even the slightest variation over
the sweetest most comfortable routine:

```{=org}
#+BEGIN_QUOTE:
```
\"Shower upon him every earthly blessing, drown him in a sea of
happiness, so that nothing but bubbles of bliss can be seen on the
surface; give him economic prosperity, such that he should have nothing
else to do but sleep, eat cakes and busy himself with the continuation
of his species, and even then out of sheer ingratitude, sheer spite, man
would play you some nasty trick. He would even risk his cakes and would
deliberately desire the most fatal rubbish, the most uneconomical
absurdity, simply to introduce into all this positive good sense his
fatal fantastic element.\"

```{=org}
#+END_QUOTE:
```
# *Diet and Exercise* Diets & Exercise Regimens tax the body with

chronic stressors. Gyms are sterilized environments that work one muscle
at a time, making the part stronger at teh expense of the whole. Diets
through modern constructions rely on strong willed moderation instead of
randomized fasting and volume intake. To simulate natural exercise and
dietary conditions, try Hiking on rocky trails with steep inclines.
Deadlift your maxlift on a barbell. Farmer\'s Walk, OLympic Lift, clean
press, squats, deadlift. No Machines. Never eat foods out of a box, and
avoid modernized diet foods. Randomly skip meals, and work out when
hungry.
