---
title: Not Caring About the Outcome
---

1.  *Personal Dignity*

Failure is felt by everyone, - no matter how great you are. At their
lowest, in epic heroes face deep existential dread The mighty Achilles,
or Dante on his personal odyssey through Hades, - they wish they were
never born.

They don\'t give up Because there is no such thing as failure. Only
Death.

There will always be more who lose than those who win. Risk Takers in
any discipline can\'t fake

Let us heed the words of poet emily Dickinson:

> Success is counted sweetest By those who ne\'er succeed. To comprehend
> a nectar Requires sorest need.
>
> Not one of all the purple Host Who took the Flag today Can tell the
> definition So clear of victory
>
> As he defeated -- dying -- On whose forbidden ear The distant strains
> of triumph Burst agonized and clear!

-- Emily Dickinson

Traditionally while the war was being fought the flag of each side were
held up on the field. And holding the flag made you-- before anyone
else-- the enemy\'s target. Don\'t let the flag fall.

At the end of the day, we don\'t have much say over fate. But we decide
how we hold ourselves. Should fate turn against you, do not play victim.
Do not complain. Be worthy. don\'t change the rules just because they
odds are against you.

For a soldier, for an entrepreneur, there is no failure, only death.
which is happening anyway.

Life is about execution rather than purpose. Don\'t worry about who you
are. You will be remembered for what you do. Always. It\'s not what you
say, it\'s how you say it. Calling good to everything. Life belongs to
those who embrace it no matter what their plight. Life is bigger than
you or me. Life is happening to you right now. Hope is like banging on
the locked door trying to get out, opening it only to find that *the
door opens outward*

Eternal Reccurance -

1.  

*The Promise of Marshmallows* In popular psychology there\'s \'the
Marshmallow Test\' or something, which participants choose between a
single marshmallow at the the start or can opt to wait 15 minutes to
receive an additional one. The truth about life is that we aren\'t
guaranteed the second marshmallow. Carefully consider what is worth
delaying gratification for. With things like feeling happiness, having a
romantic partner, getting a Nobel or A Booker where luck plays a large
role (hidden or forgotten).

*Abandoning Hope* Try to kill anything called hope in you. You never
want to put yourself in a sutiation where you wish very badly for
something specific to happen to you, an event where tomorrow would
suddenly make a big difference for the rest of your life.

-   say, the outcome of a job interview, a lawsuit, winning the lotto,
    meeting a significant other, getting a paper accepted, have gold
    rise, your boss dies, or other events that can markedly change your
    life. If this is the case for you are royally enslaved to
    circumstances.
-   Take good events when they happen, but don\'t depend on them like a
    loser.
-   Organize yourself in a way to not have to dream for a better
    tomorrow or day after.
-   Life is happening to you right now. Hope is like banging on the
    locked door trying to get out, opening it only to find that *the
    door opens outward*

It\'s foolish to complain you don\'t have enough time. We shouldn\'t
know when the week begins or ends. Not being prisoner to a schedule ro
calendar, an alarm clock or wristwatch. Rehearsed conversations,
rehearsed laughs. if luxury is not creating more and more varied options
for life, you\'re doing it wrong.

It\'s hard to lose playing your own game.
